hi mr. fleshner Yosh I'm sitting on oh
my god that's good Miriam so today is
Tuesday right yes uh-huh oh this I was
hanging out by the pool yesterday got a
tan uh-huh yes she's not peel but she's
yet i'm still pale I don't know how that
works how are you i am just dandy oh I
listen to like an old school song from
like glad like years ago and it was
actually funny cuz it's like really old
like back in the 90s titles like in my
head omorrow what are you doing I'm
gonna put this on my blog just so you
know okay youtube who youtube so i did
you guys yesterday's oh I got in a fight
with my history teacher okay did you pop
up no I walked out of her class she's
giving me zero credit for like a four
page assignment because I did it wrong
for pages yeah and she wants me to redo
the whole thing except doubling so I'd
have to do eight pages of work that's
alright looks oh so what'd you do about
just leave I felt that an incident
report again yeah again and then I'll
write and talk to mr. Coleman and then
after school okay to school I asked her
not after school I went back to class
and I asked her if I could talk to her
class per se and she was like no I have
a class to teach don't interrupt me and
I was like all right and then um then I
asked her if I could talk to her after
class she was like no and I was like a
turkey when she was like no and then she
was like you could talk to me after
school two o'clock on the dot and I
called my mom and I'm almost like do you
want me to go to class like after school
of you knows like yeah so she was being
really nice to my mom and being a total
jerk to me lightly in front of my mom
and she said I'm in front of my mom like
she told my mom that I am I was loading
my mom in love sentence I know
I know I know she told my mom that I'm
uncompassionate I'm the rudest student
out of all her classes that I always
give her so much attitude that I never
say sorry that I'm ungrateful and I was
really mad that with my mom not
didn't what'd your mom say my mom just
like stood there sweet oh my gosh yeah
okay oh I watch disturbia for the first
time is Jane it was actually quite a
cool and China book is really hot oh my
god I wanted to buy coke line past
histories I went to CVS oh my god I
complain I found it like me ok champagne
here and there how long yes like a few
days ago and we didn't buy it so I was
like okay I'm gonna go away tomorrow I
didn't have any so we went to three CBS
CBS CBS whatever CBS always finally
found when we were out for 40 minutes
Thank You CJ for driving me around find
a diet coke line well I guess that's it